
What is "Convention over configuration"?

It's a software design paradigm used by software frameworks.
It means a developer only needs to specify unconventional aspects of the application.For example, if there is a class Sales in the model, the corresponding table in the database is called "sales" by default. It is only if one deviates from this convention, such as the table "product_sales", that one needs to write code regarding these names.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convention_over_configuration



What are the important lines(declarations) in a HTML file and Why?
            
            <!DOCTYPE html>
            <html lang="en">
            <head>
                <meta charset="UTF-8">
                <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
                <title>Document</title>
            </head>
            <body>

            </body>
            </html>
This is the HTML Skeleton generated by VSCode by its Emmet plugin when "!" typed and pressed Enter.
So,based on the assumption these might be the most important lines, let's see why each of them is there.

Why is it better to link the script file at the end of the body section rather than in the head section together with other files.





What's the difference between 'Commit directly to master branch' and "Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request."?

<!--How to work around GitHub's (bit annoying) feature to veryfy the device by entering the code sent to the email?
Just log in to GitHub in incognito/private browser window.-->

What is SVG
XML-based markup language for describing two-dimensional vector graphics.Unlike JPEGs, GIFs, and BMP images, vector graphics are not made up of a grid of pixels.
Vector graphics are comprised of paths, which are defined by a start and end point.They can be scaled to a different size and not lose any image quality.
When and why SVG is used instead of jpg,jpeg,png etc?
How to create from scratch a circle svg button with text on it ,save it in the application folder and include in the html file?





What is a CSS layout?
What're CSS layout types?
How they're different from each other?
Why grid? Why not flexbox?
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Introduction
css justify-items
What's border-radius? It's to define radius of the element's corners.(If want to change shapes of 1 or more corners of an element,this the one to use. )
What's the difference of outline and a margin of an element?
outline only makes a line around any element to make it look different from the other elements.it will not give any space. whereas margin will give space around any element. If you give margin, it will give a space in the direction provided outside the container. Can't color a margin. 
em : emphemeral unit one em is defined as the current font size, however that is defined. For most elements it's the inherited (computed) value from its parent element.

What's the difference .jpg and .jpeg?



JavaScript
What's the long value returned by JavaScript Date.now() object to get the milliseconds elapsed since January 1, 1970, 00:00:00 UTC, which is also known as the Unix time or Epoch time.
Date() is object or function?
What're the expressions with $ sign?
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals


[TypeScript](typescript.md)



https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Variable



VSCode

Typing "!" and pressing Enter generates HTML skeleton.
Typing  "link:css" and pressing Enter generates ""<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">.
Typing "script:src" and pressing Enter generates "<script src=""></script>"
Similarly try "ul>li*3>a" , "button>img*3" etc. Replace 3 with any number you like.
About these shortcuts(emmet abbreviations):  https://medium.com/@kartik2406/web-development-with-vs-code-part-1-emmet-6af80f0f630c 
https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2017/08/07/emmet-2.0

Toggle between tabs : Ctrl+tab , Ctrl+Shift+Tab

https://code.visualstudio.com/shortcuts/keyboard-shortcuts-windows.pdf

Open files in Chromium browser from VSCode,Ubuntu: 
While in a workspace folder in VSCode press Ctrl+Shift+P and select tasks.json.
Block comment what's already there and copy the following code.
        
        {
            "version": "2.0.0",    
            "command": "chromium-browser",
            "linux": {
                "command": "chromium-browser"
            },
            "args": ["${file}"]

        }
Save the tasks.json.
Open the file which need to be opened in the browser. being in that file press Ctrl+Shift+B.
How to open stop files opening on the same tab : File->Preferances-> Search for the setting "editor.enablePreview" , remove the tick. 

What EPOCH stands for ? 
Ubuntu
To list all the packages listed :apt list --installed
To see where a program is installed: whereis <package name>
To see the version of a program installed: which <package name>
To access root directy via GUI: sudo -i nautilus
To start a program through terminal : Just find the exact package name for the program, and just type it in the terminal.
                                      Eg: If want to launch chromium browser from the terminal, type "chromium-browser" 



Chromium Browser
Get screenshots without a plugin (linux): Ctrl + Shift+I ->Ctrl +Shift + P
Move across tabs: Ctrl + tab, Ctrl + Shift + Tab
New Tab: Ctrl +t



Markdown
www.markdownguide.org
To comment off : 
For code blocks:
